README.md, before:

<p align='center'>
  <b>📌 Follow Me ↷</b><br>  
  <a href="https://discord.com/users/994296793070325771">Discord</a> |
  <a href="https://instagram.com/lonely.ida">Instagram</a> |
  <a href="https://github.com/LeetIDA">Github</a><br><br>
</p>

##

### 🏆 Features List

- Simple Usage
- Faster & Light
- Support HTTP/S Proxies

##

### 📝 TODO

- [ ] Threads
- [ ] Multiple Reason's
- [ ] Proxy List
- [ ] Multiple Users

##

### ☕️ Usage

1. Download Ruby [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
2. OPEN CMD & Type gem install cgi httparty json nokogiri colorize net-http-persistent
3. Run The Script **Ruby main.rb**
4. Open Browser And Go To [Proxy](https://advanced.name/freeproxy/) & Click The Button For Get Free Proxies Link (2 GEN KEY)
   ![URL](https://x86.pics/i/proxy.png)
5. Paste The KEY
   ![Key](https://x86.pics/i/key.png)
6. Put The Username & Hit Enter
   ![Image](https://x86.pics/i/username.png)

> Thanks To [@givtt](https://github.com/givtt) For Make it Easy To Get User ID 💖

##

### 🧰 Support

- Email: <xe_@outlook.jp>
- Instagram: https://instagram.com/lonely.ida

##

### 📜 License & Warning

- Education Propose Only !!
- Licensed Under GNU License.

##

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v3/open-source.svg?v=103" alt="Open Source">
  <img src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=LeetIDA.Ez-Ban" alt="Visitor Count">
</p>

Commit message:

Handle 403 Forbidden error from TikTok API

README.md, after:

<p align='center'>
  <b>📌 Follow Me ↷</b><br>  
  <a href="https://discord.com/users/994296793070325771">Discord</a> |
  <a href="https://instagram.com/lonely.ida">Instagram</a> |
  <a href="https://github.com/LeetIDA">Github</a><br><br>
</p>

##

### 🏆 Features List

- Simple Usage
- Faster & Light
- Support HTTP/S Proxies

##

### 📝 TODO

- [ ] Threads
- [ ] Multiple Reason's
- [ ] Proxy List
- [ ] Multiple Users

##

### ☕️ Usage

1. Download Ruby [Ruby](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
2. OPEN CMD & Type gem install cgi httparty json nokogiri colorize net-http-persistent
3. Run The Script **Ruby main.rb**
4. Open Browser And Go To [Proxy](https://advanced.name/freeproxy/) & Click The Button For Get Free Proxies Link (2 GEN KEY)
   ![URL](https://x86.pics/i/proxy.png)
5. Paste The KEY
   ![Key](https://x86.pics/i/key.png)
6. Put The Username & Hit Enter
   ![Image](https://x86.pics/i/username.png)

> Thanks To [@givtt](https://github.com/givtt) For Make it Easy To Get User ID 💖

##

### 🧰 Support

- Email: <xe_@outlook.jp>
- Instagram: https://instagram.com/lonely.ida

##

### Troubleshooting "403 Forbidden" Errors from TikTok API

If you encounter a "403 Forbidden" error when using the script, it indicates that your request to TikTok was blocked. This can happen for several reasons, and here are steps you can take to resolve the issue:

1. **Check Your IP Address**: Ensure your IP is not blacklisted by TikTok. Sometimes, TikTok may block IP addresses that exhibit suspicious behavior.
2. **Use a Different IP or Proxy**: If your IP is blocked, try using a different IP address or a proxy. This can help bypass the block.
3. **Wait and Retry**: If you suspect TikTok's rate limiting is causing the block, wait for some time before trying again. TikTok may temporarily block IPs that make too many requests in a short period.

By following these steps, you can troubleshoot and potentially resolve the "403 Forbidden" error, allowing you to continue using the script without interruption.

### 📜 License & Warning

- Education Propose Only !!
- Licensed Under GNU License.

##

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v3/open-source.svg?v=103" alt="Open Source">
  <img src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=LeetIDA.Ez-Ban" alt="Visitor Count">
</p>
